== README

=== ATLA

ATLA staff will use this repo when making changes to the digital library going forward.

=== Versions

 - Ruby 2.3.1
 - Rails 4.2.7.1
 - Sufia 7.1.0


=== Development Install

Development is now dockerized with stack car.  To start the environment copy config/database.example.yml to config/database.yml and do sc up web from the root directory

Before the first run bunle and load the database.  To do so type

<tt>docker-compose run web bash -c 'bundle install && bundle exec rake db:create db:schema:load db:migrate db:seed'</tt>

<tt>sc up web</tt>

<tt>docker-compose exec solr bin/solr create -c development -d /opt/config</tt>

App should now be available at localhost:3000

Admin user is rob@notch8.com  / testing123

=== Rake Tasks for importing metadata and files

There are individual rake tasks for importing meta data and files that corspond to that metadata. The metadata task is run first to create all of the active fedora objects.  Then the file import task can be run to associate files with metadata. The tasks can be chained to run them automatically in sequence.

*Metadata Rake Task*

<tt>bundle exec rake setup:import_metadata[<path to xml file>,<email of a admin user in the system>]</tt>

This task requires 2 arguements:
* A path to the exported xml file
* A email of a admin user in the system, this user will be seen as the one that has imported all of the new collections and works

*Import Metadata for a Single Collection task*


<tt>bundle exec rake setup:import_metadata_for_collection[<path to xml file>,<email of a admin user in the system>,<collection code>]</tt>

This task requires 3 arguments:
* A path to the exported xml file
* A email of a admin user in the system, this user will be seen as the one that has imported all of the new collections and works
* The name code for the collection, ex: MSOXYPAP

*File Import Task*

<tt>bundle exec rake setup:import_files[<directory of images>,<email of a admin user in the system>]</tt>

This task requires 2 arguements:
* A path to a directory containing the images
  the expected hierarchy of the directory is:
  * collection name_code eg. MSOXYPAP
    * image files for the collection
* A email of a admin user in the system, this user will be seen as the one that has imported all of the new files

You can run the 2 tasks in series like this:

<tt>bundle exec rake setup:import_metadata[<path to xml file>,<email of a admin user in the system>] setup:import_files[<directory of images>]</tt>

*Make Everything Public Task*

<tt>bundle exec rake setup:set_everything_public</tt>

This task makes every Collection and work public.

*Assign all works to a single collection task*

<tt>bundle exec rake setup:assign_all_works_to[<collection id>]</tt>

This task assigns all works in the system to the specified collection.

This task requires one arguement:
* the ID of the collection that the works are to be assigned to
  * the ID can be found in the url for the collection ex: http://dl.atla.com/collections/vq27zn72g  (vq27zn72g is the id for the collection on this page)

*Import Princeton Theological Commons OAI feed Task*

<tt>bundle exec rake import:import_ptc_oia[<user_email>,<test>]</tt>

This task imports the works and collections from the Princeton Theological Commons
 OAI feed.

This task has 2 arguments
* A email of a admin user in the system, this user will be seen as the one that has imported all of the new files
* Test can be true or false. True runs the import for just the first 100 records, false imports everything
* Make sure there is not space between the arguments